Mom grandma
Hey, baby, blame Sun.
Hey
Do you miss grandma? I can't sleep when I think about it.
Oops, this little mouth is so sweet
Mom, you've worked hard
Get in the car first
Good to go
Xiao Gu, this car is yours
What's up?
The car costs more than 1 million, uh
How can you drive such an expensive car?
Is more than 1 million expensive?
Mom, how could he have such an expensive car?
He used his friend to give Haisheng Group a down payment as a driver
He borrowed the car from a friend
What do I say, Xiao Gu?
You don't have to find a luxury car to pick me up
You two are so good
Then be happy.
Mom, don't worry.
I have a good relationship with Cai Cai
You said don't take advantage of me
You can decide for yourself.
Mom, we have a very good relationship.
Haha, that's good.
I'll show you around. OK. Let's go.
What's wrong with this yellow one?
Otherwise, it's this green one.
Hey, yes, the green one.
Well, try it on.
How much 200,000
200,000